CROWDFUNDING PLATFORMS


BuyMeACoffee
Indiegogo
Kickstarter
GoFundMe
Patreon
CrowdCube


buymeacoffee.com
positives: 
it allows for its users to receive donations from their supporters.
Memberships on buy me a coffee provide a reliable way for its users to earn an income.
users can choose from a monthly or yearly membership guaranteeing a steady income for their user
users are allowed to offer multiple membership levels varying with benefits providing unique benefits and providing added value to its users.

Negatives:
fees buy me a coffee takes a percentage of every payment you get that being 5%.
customer service, the platform is known to block users randomly and without warning and has a lot of mixed reviews due to this.
payment limitations buy me a coffee does not accept paypal.


Indiegogo.com
positives:
It offers flexible funding as opposed to all or nothing funding, this means people can keep the funds raised so far even if they fall short of their goal.
they allow for users to keep raising funds even post campaign.
they allow for a wide variety of funding such as projects, charity and equity.
negatives:
it is not as popular as other competitors
you must pay fees to indiegogo
difficulties with customer support

Kickstarter.com
positives:
A community of loyal supporters can be built leading to strong customer relationships and potential future backers
Creators have full control over their projects

negatives:
kickstarter uses all or nothing crowdfunding meaning users are not allowed to keep the funds if they fall short of their goal.
kickstarter have some of the highest fees amongst other crowdfunding platforms

gofundme.com
Positives: 
Homepage has examples of ongoing fundraisers
Instructions to set up listed on website
Can raise money for a range of causes

Negatives:
Not available in every country
Limited customer service options
No guarantee of reaching your goal 
A Lot of promotion needed

Patreon.com
Positives:
Can provide a steady income as it is a subscription
Allows for personal interactions
They have full control over their content

Negatives:
Competitive market (saturated)
Needs to be regularly updated (not a one time thing)
Service charges could take majority of money

Crowdcube.com
Positives:
There is access to capital
A large audience, so can attract new Customers and Partners
Doesn’t require regular repayments

Negatives:
Detailed financial information needs to be provided
Business owners can lose control
Risk of failure if funding goal not reached (if crowdfunding is main source of income)

